Adding docs for console enterprise login (#6003)
wso2/docs-is: en/asgardeo/docs/guides/users/configure-enterprise-login.md

# Configure enterprise login for the Asgardeo Console

> Enterprise login allows administrators to sign in to the Asgardeo Console using credentials from an external identity provider (IdP). Instead of maintaining separate Asgardeo accounts, your administrators can authenticate through your organization's existing SAML or OIDC-based enterprise IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise login allows administrators to sign in to the {{product_name}} Console using credentials from an external Identity Provider (IdP). Instead of maintaining separate {{product_name}} accounts, your administrators can authenticate through your organization's existing SAML or OIDC-based enterprise IdP.
```

> This guide walks you through configuring enterprise login for the Asgardeo Console by setting up an enterprise connection and mapping external IdP groups to Asgardeo Console roles.

Reviewer: Replace all Asgardeo occurrences with {{product_name}}

Author: fixed

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>Connection Group</b></td>
            <td>Select or type the IdP group name that should map to the selected console role. For example, map the <code>admin-group</code> from your external IdP to the <b>Administrator</b> role.</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    !!! info
        Add additional mappings for any other console roles you want to assign to your enterprise users. Each mapping links an external IdP group to a specific Asgardeo Console role.

    ![Configure Enterprise Login]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/users/enterprise-login-configurations.png){: width="600" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

5. Click **Save** to apply the enterprise login configuration.

After you save the configuration, users who belong to the mapped IdP groups can sign in to the Asgardeo Console using your enterprise IdP.

## Sign in with enterprise login

After you configure enterprise login, users can sign in to the Asgardeo Console through the enterprise IdP from the standard Asgardeo login page.

> ### Direct console access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Direct Console access
```
